How could my boss abandon me?
It's impossible.
Your boss.
It means your organization left you early.
It's the Dragon Army that helped me kill Ip Chen.
Then help me get the Infinity Tien Dan.
He's not afraid to make something great.
Dragon army has Chuch in its heart
He said only the stronger the competition.
Only then can he relentlessly pursue stronger.
Beyond the limit
At first Ip Chen's training was so careful.
But he really couldn t bear the Dragon King s responsibility and glory.
So the Dragon Lord wants you to become the new Dragon King.
Become the main character of this era
I am the Dragon King.
I'm the only main character.
What if I follow the settings and timeline of the original script?
You're the only main character.
But these 10,000 parallel clouds
You met me.
You're the only place to go that changes an opinion.
Just talk, you understand and talk again.
What is love?
I mean you.
Normal.
Listen to me speak to Long Quan for an hour.
I, Tang Du, will go to Long Quan Night next month.
But it's not for doing anything, Dragon King.
It's because of the Long Army's position.
And his Long Kun organization.
With energy, I think the Dragon Army will definitely be happier.
I To Thanh king vowed to travel with Tang Du together to the North.
And there's me, my brother.
The Qin Dynasty is not bad.
Please tell the department.
We are four great families.
Go north.